# python-practice
This repository contains the following list of programs:-
1. Write a program to count frequency of characters in a paragraph.
2. Write a program wrap.py that takes filename and number of characters per line (width)
as arguments. The program must wrap the lines of the file longer than entered width.
3. Python has a built-in function ‘map’ that applies a function to each element of a list.
Provide an implementation for map using list comprehensions.
4. Python has a built-in function ‘filter(f, a)’ that returns items of the list ‘a’ for which
f(item) returns true. Provide an implementation for filter using list comprehensions
5. Write a function triplets that takes a number ‘n’ as argument and returns a list of triplets
such that sum of first two elements of the triplet equals the third element using
numbers below n. Please note that (a,b, c) and (b, a, c) represent same triplet.
6. Write a python function ‘parse_csv’ to parse csv (comma separated values) files.
7. Generalize the above implementation of csv parser to support any delimiter and
comments.
8. Write a function ‘mutate’ to compute all words generated by a single mutation on a
given word. A mutation is defined as inserting a character, deleting a character,
replacing a character, or swapping 2 consecutive characters in a string. For simplicity
consider only letters from a to z.
9. Write a function ‘nearly_equal’ to test whether two strings are nearly equal. Two strings
‘a’ and ‘b’ are nearly equal when ‘a’ can be generated by a single mutation on ‘b’.
10. Write a program to find anagrams in a given list of words. Two words are called
anagrams if one word can be formed by rearranging letters of another. For example
‘eat’, ‘ate’ and ‘tea’ are anagrams.
